Is that all?
More!
Just try and do more!!
Attack!!!
Stop!!
Stop now!
Help me!
There's no one now.
No one is coming.
Even if that's the case . .
Please, someone . . .
Get out of here!
Goo Joon Pyo?
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I didnt do it.
It really wasn't me.
It doesn't matter just stop talking now.
You still don't believe me.
I do! I do believe you!
Let me do it.
Are you going to stay still or am I going to have to tie you up?
Are you stupid or ignorant?
Haven't you learned a thing? After going through all that?
When you're being  attacked like that, the 38th strategy is to escape.
In any case, you're really stupid.
Your IQ is in the single digits, right?
You've got the brain capacity of an orangutan.
Orangutan?!
It's the truth isn't it?
It's because you're so foolish that your body had to suffer like this.
It's not the 38th stategy, it's the 36th for your information!
I don't want to hear it,
from someone as dumb as you.
Close your eyes.
It hurts!
Wipe yourself!
Hey you!  Really!
Ahh a bug, bug!
Get away!
Go!
Get lost!
You're okay now.
(Joon Pyo & Min Ji)
Why are you doing that?
Don't do this.
You ugly thing.
Who do you think you are saying I'm your groom?
You.
Do you want to be kicked out of kindergarten?
Huh?
Stop it.
Should just stop.
You pumpkin head.  I don't like people like you.
Get lost.  I said, go home, ugly!
Why are you doing this? Don't do this.
Don't do this. Please.
Don't do this.
You  guys don't know how I've lived after that day.
I couldn't even set one foot outside.
Because I was afraid and disgusted.
Because I was in so much pain and embarrassed.
I was terrified for three years and went to Germany.
I was in so much agony when I had (plastic) surgery once every two years.
Do you know what I thought of, to get me through those times?
Yes, it's that expression.
The expression you guys had when you treated me like a bug, a monster and ran away.
I've never forgotten that for a second.
I don't remember it but... I'm sorry.
No!
That's not it!
What I want to hear from you is not that you're sorry!
Hey.
Calm down.
Look at me..
Am I not pretty?
I became beautiful.
Don't you like me?
Do you know who I came back for?
Do you know how long I've been dreaming of this moment?
Say it!
Say that you like Oh Min Ji!
Please say it,  that you like Oh Min Ji.
I'm telling you to say that you like Oh Min Ji!
You're pitiful.
You're really pathetic.
Do you know why?
Back then and now,
you're still a monster.
No, you're worse than before.
At least the girl back then had a beautiful heart and soul.
What is it?!
What are you going to do this time?
I came here because I have something I need to take care of.
Something to take care of?
What is it?
Forget it.
What are you doing?
You drag me to your house for the smallest things.
Then, should I have taken you to your house when your arms and legs are all torn up
and your entire body looks like it's been covered in tomatoes?
Your parents would have been so happy.
I sent out a driver so they wouldn't worry.
And, your clothes and bag.
I threw them all out, so it's no use looking for them.
Thrown away?
You threw them all away?!
All you have to do is fix and wash it.  Why did you throw it out without my permission?!
How could it have been fixed
and worn again in that state?
Why can't it be worn?
After all, I am the daughter of a dry cleaner!
Shut up!
Did you boil and cook the heart of a train when you're the size of a bell on a cat's collar??
What?
It's not the heart but the smokestack!
It can´t be right  Think about it.
How can a person boil and eat a smokestack?
The thing that is boiled and eaten should be a heart.
What are you doing?
Stay away from me!
Let's see that side too.
Ah , I feel like dying.
Your uniform and shoes, and everything else that you'll need.  I spent all night getting new ones.  The only thing is . . .
The only thing is?
There's just one thing  we need your approval for.
But,
this is a bit different from mine.
18,000,000 won ($15,450).  Mine wasn't this expensive.
Mine was a plain. . . a very, very, plain bicycle.
I'm sorry miss.
The young master ordered us to replace your things with the exact same items that were thrown out yesterday. But..
We couldn't find the exact same kind of bike that was burnt yesterday, however we tried very hard.
We tried our very best in purchasing these.
Is there any way you can accept it with a generous heart?
But,
even so, this price . . .
This is what the chef went through exceptional efforts to prepare..
That's Roast Wagyu beef..
An omelette with Alba truffles from Piemont..
Alba tri-
truffle.  Also called a "Song Ro mushroom".
But,
I don't see Goo Joon Pyo?
The young master left early in the morning.
Where did he go?
Is that you, noona?
Goo Joon Pyo
Is your sister back?
Goo..  Goo..
What's wrong?
I asked if your older sister has come back.
This little guy is even stuttering now.  Didn't I tell you to be careful of the electromagnetic waves?
F... F..
What's this?  Wow, whose son is this?
He's very good looking.
He's here.
What?
F4!
What's that?
Shin Hwa Group successor, Goo Joon Pyo!
Shin Hwa Group?
What?!
This guy?  He's here.?  At our house?!
HONEY!!!!
It's useless to call for me that anxiously.
We only have one piece of cutlass fish.
You eat this as a side dish?
What kind of bug is this?
It's not a bug, but a fish.
What kind of fish is this small?
It's called an anchovy.
Ah, I guess you haven't heard of it before.
Since I didn't know what rich young masters ate... So.., at least eat this for now.
Ah!  I know this. This is kal...
Kal ... chi?
(a type of fish / side dish)
-He knows kal chi!
-
How did you know?
That's not how you eat it...
"Addicted to plastic surgery .. Oh Min Ji's ugly past revealed"
Jan Di
how could Oh Min Ji do this to you?
There's just a line you shouldn't cross even when stabbing someone in the back.
I mean, who did you go through all that pain for?
So scary. She's so incredibly vicious.  They say plastic surgery is so painful,
you wouldn't want to do it again after doing it once..
It's no wonder she's so pretty with the number of times she's had plastic surgery done.
So true.
Does she even look human anymore?
If I looked like that then I would've committed suicide already.
Your eyes..
Your nose...
Teeth..
They're all bought with money, right?
If you want something, don't you buy it with money?
But can you buy beauty?
All of you have had plastic surgery done,
so why are you talking crap about Min Ji?
So, it's okay for an already beautiful person to become prettier, but it's unsightly for an ugly person to do it?
It's not something you get for free.  It's something that you get after going through unspeakable pain.
So what?  What's wrong with that?  Can anyone say that Min Ji doesn't have the right?
If there is someone, come out and say something. Speak up!
About asking you for forgiveness..
I won't do it.
I can't even say . . .
"I'm sorry".
Don't  delude yourself by thinking I'll forgive you.
Jan Di!
Jan Di...
Thank you . . .
let's meet again.
Long ago, on Geum Jan Di mountain.
The place Maggie would sit and play.
I hear the sounds of the river flowers, my love Jan Di..
Everyone listen up!
Under the name of Shin Hwa High School's F4,
I have something to announce.
I am officially announcing that from today onwards,
Geum Jan Di from 2nd year class B, is Goo Joon Pyo's girlfriend.
Hooray!
Listen up!
So from now on, doing something against Geum Jan Di is like doing something against Goo Joon Pyo.
All of you, don't even try.
Is that clear?
- Yes!
- Do you understand?
Yes!
I object to that decision.
Ji Hoo!!
I'm back.
But . . .
Isn't it too early for that prince to return?
But the fact is that he returned.  Doesn't that mean that there's a red light on the situation over there?
Maybe
If that's true, then shouldn't you be cheering in the bathroom?
Maybe not.
Ah, you can't now because of Mr. Goo or the leader or whatever, right?
It's not like that . . .
Then why do you look so down?
Ah, I don't know.
I can't really say it's because of one thing, but...
I have this weird feeling.
What feeling?
Something's changed.
Well, that's because he came back from Paris!
Of course, he would become more attractive.
That's not it!
Geum Kang San.
What's the matter?
There's an emergency at home.
Mom!
Dad!
San, where are you?
Noona, I'm here..
Dad is here!
Jan Di, come  here and take a look  at all this.
What is all this?
Hyungnim (older brother) sent all of this.
- Hyungnim?
Ah, Joon Pyo Hyungnim!  Dining table, couch, TV, kimchi fridge. Nothing's been left out!
As for the beds, they couldn't fit because our doors were too small, so we had to  return them.
You know, the one with laces all over? The princess bed.
Oh, what a waste!
We should've accepted it even if we had to bash our doorway!
How can you just accept it just because they sent it!?
But Jan Di, I also wanted to refuse.
But, what crime did the delivery people commit?
Those people have to drop off
the stuff so they can leave.
What do you mean, return it!?  Its not like he's just doing all of this for us,
he also has his family to think about so he doesn't lose face.
If we live this poorly, then it won't look good on Young Master Joon Pyo either.
You should think things through before saying such thoughtless things.
That's not it.  How are we going to live when there's no room to walk?
Do you want to live between the couch and the fridge?
FINE!
We'll pack all this up.
We'll send it to your uncle's storage in the country side and use it for your dowry.  Does that work?  Huh?  Huh?
Dad!
Fine, okay. Even if it's a waste, we'll have to return it.
Just tell him, so that he understands, that you'll only accept the feelings.
I'm not even going to accept that.
Noona,
can't we at least keep the TV?
GEUM  KANG SAN!
Let's talk!
Oh, you really came?
What brings you all the way here?
Do you not understand Korean? I said, let's talk!
Move,
You're not going to move?
What the...
What's wrong with this?
I was going to set a new record but you ruined it!
Why are you being like this?
Why are YOU being like this?
Why are you turning someone's house into a moving center without asking!?
Ah,
that!
Was there something you didn't like?
If so, tell me. I'll just exchange it for you.
Hey!
We already have beds,
chairs, a fridge, a washer, and a TV !
But isn't it nice to exchange them for something new.
But why are YOU doing the exchanging?
Who do you think you are?
What are you talking about?
As of yesterday, I'm your boyfriend!
Do you always do this when you get a girlfriend? You buy them clothes and a car, change their furniture?
Soon you'll be changing my house!
Actually, I was going to change the house first, but Chief Jung told me not to
because the dry cleaning business was attached to it.
What do you take me for? Am I like Shim Chung who's being sold to you?!
(Based on a legend, Shim Chung was sold to provide for her family)
I told you, you don't buy friends with money, but you make them with your heart
I don't know what kind of girls you've dated before, but this really annoys me, okay!
There wasn't any.
I haven't dated any girls before.
Well...
then it's okay this time.  But next time, be more rational!
Your temper!  Why do you always get mad at me when I'm trying to do something nice for you?
Who asked you to do anything for me?
Nice shot! Find the right position and throw it.
But
Do you lounge around like this every day?
What, are you worried?
There's a party today, so this is a special case.
I usually don't let women in.
Flies? What flies?
(homophones with "party")
What's up with  that rascal Ji Hoo?
Is he back after becoming a real man in Paris?
Seeing how he slept all day like a cat...
Now he's a bit more human.
It's been a long time since I've been able to tolerate him like this.
Jan Di, do you want to join our equestrian's club?
Jan Di, today's my birthday party!
You have to come!
Look, over there!
This is even scarier than
when they were bullying me.
Why are they like this?
Nowadays you don't scream and shout anymore?
Sunbae!
I guess old habits do die hard.
Things here haven't changed, but it's weird because it's so quiet.
It doesn't suit it.
When are you going back?
I'm not going back.
What about you?
Are you  really going out with Joon Pyo?
Uh...that.
Looks like it's true.
That… actually.
Did I come a bit too late?
Huh?
- I was hoping to ask you to go out with me.
What?
I'm kidding.
Then how about...
We date secretly behind Joon Pyo's back?
Sunbae!!
It's still the same, the Jan Di baht (lawn) over here.
I've missed it.
Would you look at that?
Who knew picking up a 500 won coin
could make you that happy?
What are you doing here?
You threw such a fit complaining about
how you hated the furniture and electronics.
But with one coin, you're grinning so big your lips can't even close.
That's because it's a lucky
Wait... Did you drop this?
As a reward for your efforts, I threw one to see.
Pretty good results, no?
Take it.
You keep it. Didn't you say it was lucky?
From the moment I first saw you, my luck has become bad.
No, your luck has become good. Extremely good.
What?
Let's go.
Hey? Can you not see that I'm here to work?
It's only for a bit.
If you get fired, I'll take the responsibility.
Hey, can you not mention the
whole "taking responsibility" concept?
I get goosebumps just thinking about it.
Man, you talk a lot!
Let's go!
Just get in the car!
Jan Di!
Ga Eul, where is Jan Di going?
Make everyone leave.
Young master,
if you keep doing this without letting me know. . .
Why would the owner need to request permission and ask for everyone's
understanding everytime he decides to do something?
Just shut up and make everyone leave.
They say they'll have everyone out by 6, if you can just wait 3 hours.
You want me to wait 3 hours?
I'll tell them again.
Forget it!  I'll take care of it myself.
Where's that thing?
You're talking about that thing?
But, what is that thing?
You don't even know what that is?
Wait a minute, customer!
Start by firing her immediately!
What?
Sir!
I'm not going to wear that!!
Let's go!
Do you really have to go this far?
I'm on my way, just keep your promise.
The arabesque ancient tea pot.
Don't ask for it back, or anything else.
Okay.
Turn the car around.
Why isn't she back?
Ga Eul, you can't leave me alone and disappear again.
Where else would I go? Jan Di's not even here.
You're really not to go anywhere, right?
Welco . . . .
What's the matter?  I'm not Jan Di, I'm Jan Di's friend, Ga Eul.
Hurry.  it's an emergency.
What's the matter?
Did something happen to Jan Di?
What happened?
An accident?
If we don't hurry, there's a chance we might not be able to see her.  Let's hurry!
What to do?
I have to notify her parents.
I've already contacted them.
What should I do?
Let's go.
Jan Di!
What's going on?
We're going on a trip.
A trip?
Yeah.
Impossible!
I didn't even get permission from my parents!
I got it.
What?
I already got their permission, and just in case they might be concerned with just you going,
I brought your friend along too.
It's good now, right?
Impossible!
Let's take off!
Hey, the plane changed.
They said it would take over a year to get because the waiting list is so long.
Ladies and Gentleman. Welcome you to aboard on Air Shin Hwa Flight 001. From Seoul to New Caledonia.
New Caledonia time is 2 hours faster than Seoul. And it's 3 o'clock in the afternoon over there.
Local temperature is 27 degrees Celsius.
Caledonia?
Are you so shocked that you need air? Shall I get you down the oxygen mask?
Goo Joon Pyo,
When did we become so close for you to take me on vacation with you?
Even if we were that close,
you should have  asked me first.
Do they not teach that kind of thought process at your Shin Hwa kindergarten?
I wanted to go some place nice with you, so I took care of all the preparations.
It's not like something will happen
to the RK if you're not there.
So what's the problem?
I don't know about the Republic of Korea, but the porridge restaurant. If he finds out both of us are missing . . .
We cannot do that.  Let's go!
Will you take a seat please?
Seafood porridge is ready!
It's for us.
Eridanus, Epsilon Indi, Proxima Centauri . . .
That can't be the beauty of .human.
F4! Fighting!
Master, four special abalones, please.
Four special abalones?
Ok, yes!
This is your captain speaking, We'll be arriving to Metro Island shortly.
We wish you a pleasant trip to New Caledonia, French paradise.
We're here!
Wake up!
I feel like we're floating in the ocean.
We are floating.
Really?
Come here.
This can't be.
If there is a heaven, I always thought it would be like this.  Where are we again?
This is Metro Island. It's our own personal island and all resorts are ours too.
Ours?
Yes, Shin Hwa Group's.
Woo Bin's family bought an island too--in Dubai.
To be more accurate, they bought an artificial island that looks like Korea.
See, those jerks forgot Dokdo, so we decided to make one ourselves.
Since it's everyone's first time, excluding F4, shall we go on a tour of the island?
Give this flower to the one you love.
What?
Love?
They are Koreans.
Excuse me, what is that?
There's a native who seems to be really good at fortune telling.
Fortune telling?
-Yes.
I see a man.
Man?
Your future husband.
Husband!
Where?
Who?
Here.
With you!
And a soulmate.
Soulmate?
How great! Your soulmate will be your husband!
It's as perfect as the icing on a cake.
Two different men, two!
What is she saying?
So, her soulmate and husband are two different people?
You are losing something important.
Losing?
Important?
As a woman.
Something important to a woman?
What is it?!
It was a dream.
Ga Eul . . . I, I had a dream.
What dream?
It was a dream, a dream.
What a relief.
You and I, we went for a fortune telling. There was this lady telling our fortune. The lady said...
You're going somewhere with me.
Where?
You'll know when we get there.
Come on, let's go.
- Ga Eul!
- Jan Di!
Jan Di!
Help me out here.
Ga Eul!
Jan Di!  Take care!
Is she going to war now?
Wow, its so pretty!
Hey, take a picture of me here!
You do all these tacky things by yourself, don't you?
We're done now, right?
Let's go.
Wait a minute!
You saw the scene, and took the photo already, so were done right?
Done?
We still have to go up.
Going up there?
Hey! This is my ninth time coming here
and you're the first person to actually go up there.
How'd I get stuck with someone like her.
Be patient, the blue and white porcelain...
It's a good thing you came up, right?
You.
This is for lying about  Jan Di being in an accident and dragging me here.
Maybe it won't end up being a complete lie.
It feels as though it will only be a matter of time before a real accident happens between those two.
No!
What were you imagining?
Who's imagining what?
Stop this and let's go.
What?
Why is there nobody else here?
Is this a deserted island?
Just you and I are here.
What's the reason you dragged me to a deserted island?
Reason?
I don't have a reason,
but only something on my mind.
Goo Joon Pyo!
I'm warning you.
You should forget about any ulterior motives you had for bringing me on this trip.
Ulterior motive?
(*literally means 'black hearted')
What do you mean?
A human heart or lead like from a pencil?
(*shim has many meanings, like 'heart' and 'lead')
Should I be more like you, who always takes things the wrong way and is so full of suspicion? Would that person's heart be more full of light?
Follow me.
How did you do this?
Didn't I tell you?
Everyday, you be able to enjoy things you can't even imagine
Jan Di Baht (grass lawn), you act tough, but it's actually really easy to impress you?
This was easy?
It's like magic.
Are you like a genie?
Genie?
Who is that jerk?
Is he better than me?
No.  The genie from Aladdin's lamp. He can grant any wish.
Ah, and I thought it was someone else.
But, can that genie do anything?
No.
There are some thing's a genie can't do.
Like, killing a person, bringing a person back to life, and . . .
And?
Forcing people to fall in love.
It can't do that.
Why are there so many things it can't do?
The more I hear about it, the weaker it sounds!
I can do it all. Whether killing someone or reviving them.
If you put your heart in it, it can be done. So just tell me what you want.
Can you really?
Oh, I almost forgot.
Hello, this is Joon Pyo.
This is New Caledonia.  Jan Di Bat (lawn), no, I mean, Geum Jan Di is also here with me.  I'll give it to her now.
Mom!
Geum Jan Di, you're doing fine, right?
Ah! My daughter!
Fighting!
Dad, I'm doing well here!
Noona, noona, is it nice there?
Have you eaten the big lobsters?
I'm sorry, San!
I haven't yet.
No, no! Don't worry about us!
Have fun!
Jan Di, be nice to Joon Pyo.
This camera phone was sent to us by his secretary.
Noona, if you give me this phone, I'll forgive you even if you eat 10 lobsters alone!
Geum Jan Di, the fate of our Geum family is in your hands. Got it?
Aja!
Did I do something wrong?
I just . . .
No, Goo Joon Pyo.
Thank you.
Then why are you about to cry?
It's nice here.
I wish my parents could be here too.
My family would really like it here.
We'll come together.
You and your family can come again together.
If you're done being touched, let's get to the point.
The  point?